# 1431. Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies
Topics: `Array`, `Easy`

There are `n` kids with candies. You are given an integer array `candies`, where `candies[i]` is the number of candies the `i`-th kid has, and an integer `extraCandies`, the number of extra candies that you have.
Return a boolean array `result` of length `n`, where `result[i]` is `true` if, after giving the `i`-th kid all your extraCandies, they will have the greatest number of candies among all the kids, or `false` otherwise.
Note that multiple kids can have the greatest number of candies.

**Runtime:** 1ms, Beats 87.89%  
**Memory:** 42.42MB, Beats 55.80%

Example 1:

Input: candies = [2,3,5,1,3], extraCandies = 3
Output: [true,true,true,false,true] 

Example 2:

Input: candies = [4,2,1,1,2], extraCandies = 1
Output: [true,false,false,false,false]

Example 3:

Input: candies = [12,1,12], extraCandies = 10
Output: [true,false,true]

Constraints:

- n == candies.length
- 2 <= n <= 100
- 1 <= candies[i] <= 100
- 1 <= extraCandies <= 50

### Solution:
```java
    class Solution {
        public List<Boolean> kidsWithCandies(int[] candies, int extraCandies) {
            int maxCandies = 0;
            int length = candies.length;
            List<Boolean> result = new ArrayList<>();
            for(int candy: candies){
                maxCandies = Math.max(maxCandies,candy);
            }
            for(int idx = 0; idx < length; idx++){
                if(candies[idx]+extraCandies >= maxCandies){
                    result.add(true);
                }else{
                    result.add(false);
                }
            }
        return result;
        }
    }
```

### Explanation:

1. Find the maximum number of candies any kid has.
2. Iterate through the candies array and check if the number of candies the kid has plus the extra candies is greater than or equal to the maximum number of candies any kid has.
3. If it is, add `true` to the result list, otherwise add `false`.
4. Return the result list.

### Time Complexity:
- O(n)

### Space Complexity:
- O(n)